Now it's up to the defendant to explain
5 cm.
Where did I offend you?
We're getting married soon
Why do you say I raped you?
How many times have we done nothing?
What is the matter with you
Why are you so fierce?
Lawyer, did you see that?
Really threatening my daughter
Yang Ming'er, let me tell you
If you dare to be rude to you again, I will fight you and go to jail
In-laws, look at this
Let's reconcile this marriage, right?
What are we getting married for?
This marriage can't be done
Marrying such a stingy man
We must have suffered in the past
I've been stingy for so long
Ask the rudeness yourself what I didn't promise him
I'm still stingy
Is that right? Then I said that Maotai should be used for marriage.
Why don't you agree?
You have to be greedy for petty cheap and use Wuliangye
Okay, I promise to understand you and take a step back.
What about the drive-away fee?
Why don't you agree?
I didn't promise anything, I'm embarrassed to say it here
Yang Min, let me tell you
It's over between us
I can't be poor like you
You give me poor days
38,000 opening fee, your mouth is 188,000
That's 150,000 not 15 bucks
Don't you know what's going on in our house?
That's your family business.
Who is bothering me?
Dryad
Oh, what about Minmin?
What about this?
We can discuss it again, or let's reconcile first.
Let's go out and find a place to talk slowly, okay?
You want to make peace with us?
OK
Give you a chance 180,000 can't lose eight points
Otherwise, I will definitely make your son a boss
We don't have that kind of money.
I don't have that much money for your son to be a bachelor.
Are you trying to trick my girl into serving you?
You've buried half of the people
That's beautiful, old crazy woman, what are you talking about?
Why do you want to hit someone?
Tell you there is no 180,000 eight today
There is no cleaning wood for the door.
But our family really doesn't have that much money.
Can't take it out
Don't you still have an ancestral cemetery in your house?
Take it out!
Take it out and we'll settle with you.
I see it now.
Fox, you came to my cemetery
I'll tell you what, I'll put it here today
Even if I confess
You're not going to get there.
What confession?
That's right, I, Yang Ming, plead guilty
I just raped him 5cm.
The big deal is that I go in and stay for a few years
I'm still a good man when I come out
But your family has no way about the cemetery
you
Okay, then you go in and stay
Mom let's go
Millennium running-in
I beg you.
My son is young.
If he goes in, his life will be ruined
I beg you.
What's your son's life to me?
Go away mom